In this test here,
there's some work that's significantly different from that in prior lessons.
So the first thing that's different is that in the setup of the contract,
we now have it watching for events.
So as we mentioned in the architecture explanation,
you're going to have two kinds of events emitted,
an Oracle Request and Flight Status.
So this is where that strap.
So we'll come back to these in just a little bit.
So the first test we have here is that it can register Oracles.
So the arrangement is to set up the registration fee call,
and then to check that the registration worked.
Now, in order to have a true simulation and to check that smart contract works,
we want to really have as many Oracles as possible.
So this is why you see that there's a test Oracles count variable here.
It's currently set to 20.
You can increase that to anything you want.
The idea here is that whatever number you choose,
you need to make sure that you adjust truffle js to generate that many accounts.
In this case, I have changed my parameter to 50.
So I can go up to 50.
But if you want more,
you could generate more.
All right. So that is one test.
Now the next test we have here
is to go deeper into
the actual process of requesting flight status and that's a bit more involved.
We'll come to that. So for right now,
let's go ahead and run our test by going NPM test.
Right now, this particular call is simply registering the Oracle.
It isn't using our privilege call.
So we'll run this test once and then after we know that it's working,
we'll go ahead and run that again.
But this time, by calling the getOracle so we can see the data.
Notice that I don't have an assert here.
It's probably something that could be done.
The reason it's not there is because as we get further into the code,
you'll see that most of the things happen asynchronously.
So a lot of the assertions don't work very well without adding some additional libraries.
I wanted to keep things very simple and clean for the exercise.
So we do have that one test passing.
Let's go ahead and modify it so that we can call our function here called
getOracle and actually get the data that is being generated.
So after that is done, we will say,
let result equals config.exercise.getoracle,
we are passing, in our loop,
accounts indexed by the loop control variable A.
So we'll just go ahead and test that,
and now result will contain the array.
Let's just print that out to the console.
Because we know it's exactly three,
we can go ahead and hard code the information,
and I will copy and paste that to make it a little faster,
and then change the indices.
Two, one, and we'll say Oracle Registered.
We run our test again.
Let's increase the size of this window here.
So what we are doing there is registering 20 oracles and what we want
to do is look at the random numbers.
It looks like that's done.
toNumber, let's see why is that giving us.
Sorry, that's because it is not 256.
So we don't need toNumber.
I'm so used to putting toNumber and dealing with large numbers.
I almost always just put it,
and I tried to use a very small data storage uint8 and it automatically
detects that it doesn't need overflow protection from JavaScript integers.
So that's the reason for that error.
I'm still getting a whole bunch of undefines.
So let's now do a little bit of troubleshooting.
Let's just log result and see what is coming up there.
So it looks like that value is not being captured.
So let's go ahead and troubleshoot this and make sure there's nothing missing.
It looks good. So there must be a bug somewhere here.
It registered, paid the fee, that's A.
All right. Let me go ahead and compare my code snippet
with the code I've done to make sure that there's no problem.
That looks good. That also looks good.
I have to troubleshoot a bit more.
So the integer value is not being returned correctly.
[inaudible]
Yeah. So I found the problem.
I neglected to put a call statement right there,
a call method right there.
It is a non-estate changing call.
So that was a little oversight there.
But it's good to troubleshoot so you can see how we can diagnose such problems.
They should work. Still not working.
All right. So we've got another problem.
That's one more there.
Yes. So we have to await their response and that should take care of it finally.
There we go, and our code has worked after those two minor hiccups.
So you can see that the random numbers are working correctly,
the de-duplication code is working correctly,
and so all of these Oracles are registered.
So now, we would have,
if we were to continue using this test and not redeploy, etc,
each Oracle would have a certain number of
indexes it would be watching for and only respond.
So this particular one would only respond if the request was for one,
six, or eight, and that's a great way to have a little bit of distribution.
Intuitively, looking at this,
you can probably gauge that in order for this to work,
you actually need a large number of Oracles.
Otherwise, you might end up with scenarios where there's
one or none potentially depending on what has happened.
So for such scenarios to work,
whether it's in development or in the real world,
you do need to have some code in your smart contract that waits until
a certain number of Oracles have registered in order to kick off the process.
All right. That was really good troubleshooting and it
helps sometimes to see other people make some of these typos, etc.
So you can see how you can get out of such binds.
Let's now go ahead and work on a quiz.
Our quiz question is,
what is the best way to generate a truly random number in Solidity code?